Don't recommend setting --custom_config_base manually (#230)
nf-core/configs: README.md

### Offline usage

> To use nf-core pipelines offline, we recommend using the `nf-core download` helper tool. This will download both the pipeline files and also the config profiles from `nf-core/configs`. The pipeline files are then edited to load the configs from their relative file path correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the configs from the nf-core pipelines offline, we recommend using the `nf-core download` helper tool. This will download both the pipeline files and also the config profiles from `nf-core/configs`. The pipeline files are then edited to load the configs from their relative file path correctly.
```

Author: This means something different though - I mean to use the pipelines offline, not the configs :)

```bash
# Download the workflow + transfer to offline cluster
nf-core download rnaseq
scp nf-core-rnaseq-3.0.tar.gz me@myserver.com:/path/to/workflows   # or however you prefer to transfer files to your offline cluster

> ssh me@myserver.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connect to offline cluster
ssh me@myserver.com
```

# Extract workflow files
cd /path/to/workflows
tar -xzf nf-core-rnaseq-3.0.tar.gz
# Run workflow
cd /path/to/data

> nextflow run /path/to/workflows/nf-core-rnaseq-3.0/workflow -profile mycluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nextflow run /path/to/workflows/nf-core-rnaseq-3.0/workflow/main.nf -profile mycluster
```

Author: No need for `main.nf`..

```

> If you prefer, you can download these config profiles yourself and customise the `--custom_config_base` / `params.custom_config_base` parameter in each pipeline to to set to the location of the configs directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download these config profiles yourself and customise the `--custom_config_base` / `params.custom_config_base` parameter in each pipeline to to set to the location of the configs directory.
```

Author: I kind of prefer the original wording, as this is something that is unusual and exceptional. Maybe instead..

```suggestion
If required, you can instead download the nf-core/configs files yourself and customise the `--custom_config_base` / `params.custom_config_base` parameter in each pipeline to to set to the location of the configs directory.
```
